select right tab and scroll into view when html element with `location.hash` id is inside `<Tabs.Tab>` (#4028)
shuding/nextra: .changeset/cuddly-cups-promise.md

---
"nextra": patch
---

fix console error from `<Search>` results error `TypeError: Cannot destructure property 'results' of '(intermediate value)' as it is null.`

> select right tab and scroll into view when search result content is inside `<Tabs.Tab>`

Author: ```suggestion
select right tab and scroll into view when html element with `location.hash` id is inside `<Tabs.Tab>`
```
